Add build api proto document (#1540)
vdaas/vald: docs/api/README.md

| Remove Service | Remove the exists vector(s) from the Vald Agent Pods.                                                                                             | [Remove](../api/remove.md#remove-rpc)<br>[StreamRemove](../api/remove.md#streamremove-rpc)<br>[MultiRemove](../api/remove.md#multiremove-rpc)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | [Vald Remove APIs](../api/remove.md) |
| Object Service | Get information of vector(s) indexed into the Vald Agent Pods.                                                                                    | [Exists](../api/object.md#exists-rpc)<br>[GetObject](../api/object.md#getobject-rpc)<br>[StreamGetObject](../api/object.md#streamgetobject-rpc)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | [Vald Object APIs](../api/object.md) |

> And, Vald provides the public client libraries for some programming languages.
> If there are no client library for your favorite programming language, you can build yourself according to [build proto docs](../api/build_proto.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vald provides the public client libraries for some programming languages.
If we do not provide the client library for your favorite programming language, please refer to [build proto docs](../api/build_proto.md) to build it on your environment.
```

Author: I think using `we do not provide` is a sense of discomfort :thinking:
